Laboratory homework:

1. analogRGBControl
  Description:
  Hardware used: 3 potentiometers, 1 RGB-led, 3 resistors(330 ohm), wires, arduino, connector cable.
  The code reads the values of 3 potentiometers using the analogRead function 
  and uses the analogWrite function to directly control each of the RGB colors of the led.
    
2. knockDetector
  Description:
  Hardware used: 1 passive buzzer, 1 active buzzer, 1 pushbutton, 2 resistors, wires, arduino, connector cable.
  The code reads the values of the passive buzzer and after an interval of time it start a sound using the active buzzer. 
  The pushbutton stops the sound.

3. control4digit7segmentsDisplayWithJoystick
  Description:
  Hardware used: 1 4 digit 7-segment display, 1 joystick, 4 resistors, wires, arduino, connector cable.
  The code reads the values of the joystick. With the value from the X-axis, it cycles through the digits and chooses one to modify.
  After choosing one (if the button is pressed) it modifies the digit on the current display using the value from the Y-axis.
  
4. gameMenu
  Description:
  Hardware used: 1 LCD, 1 joystick, 1 resistor, 1 potentiometer, wires, arduino, connector cable.
  The code displays a menu with 3 options: strat the game ("Start"), show the highest score("Score") and change the settings("Settings").
  It reads the values of the joystick. Using the values from the Y-axis, it cycles through the options and show that the option is selected.
  If the button is pressed on the lcd displays the suitable elements according to the option selected as follows:
    If the option is "Start": It shows the numbers of lifes and the level. The level gets incremented by 1 every 2 seconds. After 10 seconds
    the game is over and it display a message. The score is updated. If the button is pressed again, the lsd displays the main menu.
    If the option is "Score": It shows the highest score.
    If the option is "Settings": Using the values from the X-axis, it sets the starting level value.
  Video: 
